Overview
========

This project is a template for a Windows installer configuration that can be
built using the [WiX toolset][1].

The contents of this project are collected from [here][2].

## Project layout ##

The example directory structure from [here][2] is:

    App.Install
    App.Install/CustomActions/
    App.Install/CustomActions/ProductKeyCheck.wxs
    App.Install/CustomDialogs/LicenseAgreementDialogOverwritten.wxs
    App.Install/CustomDialogs/
    App.Install/CustomDialogs/ProductKeyCheckDialog.wxs
    App.Install/CustomDialogs/ProductKeyCheckInvalidDialog.wxs
    App.Install/Fragments/
    App.Install/Fragments/FilesFragments.wxs
    App.Install/Fragments/RegistryFragments.wxs
    App.Install/Includes/
    App.Install/Includes/AppVariables.wxi
    App.Install/Lang/
    App.Install/Lang/en-us/
    App.Install/Lang/en-us/EULA_en-us.rtf
    App.Install/Lang/en-us/Loc_en-us.wxl
    App.Install/Packages/
    App.Install/Packages/en-us/
    App.Install/Packages/en-us/App.Install.msi
    App.Install/Resources/
    App.Install/Resources/Exclam.ico
    App.Install/App.wxs

The following section describes each directory in the tree above.


## Project contents ##

From the [website][2]:

> Logically the project is divided into 7 folders and 1 main file.
>
>   * `CustomActions`
>     * Stores WiX fragments that define different custom actions (CA's). You can
>       have 1 fragment per CA or all CA's under 1 fragment. I prefer fragment
>       per CA.
>   * `CustomDialogs`
>     * Stores WiX fragments that define our custom built dialogs. there are 2 we'll have:
>       * The overwritten existing EULA dialog.
>       * Fully custom product key check dialog.
>   * `Fragments`
>     * Stores WiX fragments that are either auto generated by Heat.exe directory
>       harvesting or manually built like inserting some values into the
>       registry.
>   * `Includes`
>     * Stores WiX include files that hold pre processor variables. Wxi files
>       must be included at the top of each wxs file you're using variables in.
>   * `Lang`
>     * Stores localization stuff.
>     * `en-us`: US English installer. Stores English EULA and custom localization file.
>   * `Packages`
>     * Output for the actual MSI's.
>     * `en-us`: stores the English MSI installer.
>   * `Resources`
>     * Stores different resources like icons, jpg's, etc' used in the installer.
>   * `App.wxs`
>     * Master installer files where all the magic happens.
>
> We also need to include some references:
>
>   * `App.CustomAction`
>     * Needed to run our custom actions stored in the `App.CustomAction.dll` project
>   * `WixNetFxExtension`
>     * Needed for conditional check if `.Net 3.5` is installed and abort if not.
>   * `WixUIExtension`
>     * Needed to include and modify any UI elements.
>   * `WixUtilExtension`
>     * Needed to run `CloseApplication` built in custom action.
>
> All non-`WiX` files (others than `wsx`, `wxi`, `wxl`) don't really need to be
> included in the project but I like to include them for clarity. This way we see
> exactly what is in the installer from the project itself.

[1]: http://wixtoolset.org
[2]: http://weblogs.sqlteam.com/mladenp/archive/2010/02/11/WiX-3-Tutorial-SolutionProject-structure-and-Dev-resources.aspx
